( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Help!
Let go of me!
They are Japanese. We can't interfere.
If we swallow this anger,
are we still men?
Let go of me!
Help!
Bastards!
I am Japanese.
You dare not kill me.
Brother,
we killed these two Japanese.
How can we be police officers now?
This uniform is too dirty.
I don't want it anyway.
Miss.
You can't stay here anymore.
Hurry and find a relative's house
to hide.
I don't have any relatives,
or a home anymore.
My parents
and my younger brother
were all killed by the Japanese.
I have nowhere to go.
Jin,
here is the latest list.
You look very stylish today.
I want to discuss something with you.
What have you been busy with lately?
I...
Lingzi,
you are growing more and more distant from me.
Brother, what are you saying?
I would never be distant from you.
Really?
Brother, actually,
I've always wanted to talk to you about something.
If it's not convenient,
you don't have to say it now.
Brother,
you know
I hate the Japanese.
You hate them too.
You saved me back then, took pity on me,
acknowledged me as your sister,
raised me, paid for my education,
and sent me to be a teacher at Congde Girls' Primary School.
With you and Second Brother protecting me these years,
my life has been more peaceful than anyone else's.
But brother,
my heart tells me
I have to do something.
Some things are not for girls to do.
Brother,
if it weren't for you,
I wouldn't have survived until today.
Every day I live now
is a bonus.
Don't think nonsense.
You are still young.
You have to live well for me.
As for me,
I just hope
you and Chen Yu
will get married as soon as possible.
As long as you two can start a family
and live a peaceful life,
I haven't been your brother
in vain.
So you cannot take any risks.
Who doesn't want to live a good life?
But the Japanese
want us to be slaves of a conquered nation.
Is that a life fit for human beings?
If we don't drive the Japanese
out of Harbin, out of the Northeast,
and out of China,
my life would be in vain.
To drive the Japanese out,
can you manage it?
Brother,
please give that back to us.
It's really important to us.
Brother!
The Electricity Bureau will precisely divide Xinshi Street,
dividing this area
into 12 power supply zones.
Every week, two of these zones
will have scheduled power outages at night.
In this way,
we can force the underground party's radio station
to use batteries to transmit messages.
Section Six of the Security Bureau
has set up a PJ80 direction finder on the roof.
Our fixed direction-finding station on the roof
and our direction-finding vehicles
will form an air-ground coordination
to simultaneously capture
the signal strength changes
of the Communist underground radio station.
Through algorithm calculation and triangulation,
we can reduce the current detection error of 500 meters
to within 150 meters.
The Security Bureau's Wireless Counter-Espionage Team will carry
mobile direction finders
to check every floor and every household.
Chief Qian, Deputy Chief Chen.
Yes.
Once the detection area is locked,
the Special Service Section and the Action Team
must take immediate action
to block the block
and make arrests.
Yes, sir.
This tune
is from my hometown,
called 'Yueya Wugeng'.
When I was young,
the night watchman in my hometown loved to listen to this.
Listening to it on a winter night,
it sounds like a cat purring on a warm kang,
and like firewood crackling in the snow.
Sir, some say
the harmonica is too vulgar
and unsuitable for refined tastes.
Not at all.
Those who say the harmonica is too vulgar
don't understand music at all.
In my opinion,
this small iron box
can not only hold
the waves of the entire Songhua River,
but also contain
the unbridled laughter of women in the sorghum fields.
Well said.
This gentleman speaks extraordinarily
with outstanding temperament.
May I ask where you work?
I am Zhou Zhi.
I work at the 'Binjiang Times'.
'Binjiang Times'.
We read it every day.
It seems
the sales of our newspaper are not bad.
There is an author named Yisuoyanyu
who writes good serialized martial arts novels
in the literature section on the third page of the 'Binjiang Times'.
Yisuoyanyu
is this Mr. Zhou Zhi.
The Security Bureau
has installed fixed direction finders
on top of the Chinese Eastern Railway Administration building,
which is right here.
The Secret Service action team is on standby.
Comrade Zhang Dajiang instructed
that in response to the enemy's air-ground coordinated deployment,
we must take technical countermeasures.
Heming,
if we assemble a high-frequency transmitter,
can we use specific signals
to interfere with the enemy's
direction-finding equipment signals and analysis?
Theoretically, yes.
The Type 91 receiver
uses radio compass
and interferometer direction-finding technology.
The compass calculates direction
by comparing the intensity difference of signals
received by different antennas.
The interferometer calculates angle
by using the phase difference of signals
received by multiple antennas.
If our radio
uses the 7.27 MHz band,
and the transmitter
simultaneously transmits this frequency signal,
it could cause
their direction finders and direction-finding vehicles
to experience multi-source signal misjudgment.
The most important thing now
is to assemble the transmitters.
Moreover,
one transmitter
is not enough to counter the Japanese's
air-ground coordination.
The core of the transmitter
is the vacuum tube oscillation circuit.
It requires 6J1 and 6P1 model vacuum tubes.
The Japanese now
treat all vacuum tubes, capacitors,
and other electrical components as military supplies,
strictly prohibiting private trading among civilians.
Where are we supposed to get
these capacitors and vacuum tubes?
The black market
is the only viable channel.
Where is
the black market?
The black markets in Harbin
are concentrated in Baza Market
and around Qiulin on Xinshi Street.
Heming,
write me a list,
and I'll figure something out.
Brother,
this matter,
you have to help us no matter what.
Vacuum tubes,
capacitors, resistors.
This is quite a large amount.
What for?
Are you assembling a telegraph machine?
No.
Then what is it for?
Without these things,
we'll be in great danger.
With these things,
you'll be safe, right?
With these things, you'll be in even more danger.
Everything on here
is Japanese controlled materials.
If the Japanese find out, heads will roll.
Brother, please help us.
You must have a channel in the black market.
Who told you that?
I'm telling you,
stop hanging out with the people from the Harmonica Club,
especially that Qin Na.
If something happens to you,
what will Chen Yu do?
I won't have a good life for the rest of my days.
Do you know that?
Brother, I know you and Chen Yu are worried about me.
I didn't want to drag you into this.
Why are you so disobedient?
Brother, when have I ever disobeyed you?
It's just this one thing that made you worried.
We really have no choice.
We really need these components urgently.
Please help us.
No.
Brother.
Sister Qin asked me to give this to you.
She said if it's not enough,
we can add more.
You tell Qin Na,
tell her I said,
Shen Yan
doesn't need her money.
Brother.
If you won't help, I'll go myself.
Go if you have a death wish.
Brother.
Then I'm really going.
Boss,
can I ask you something?
What is it?
Do you have vacuum tubes?
What?
Vacuum tubes.
No, no, no. Go, go, go.
Boss.
I want to ask you something.
Do you sell vacuum tubes?
What?
Vacuum tubes.
No.
No, no. Hurry up and leave.
Boss, I can pay a high price.
Name your price.
I really don't have any.
Go, go, go. Just go.
Why doesn't anyone have them?
What was he buying from you just now?
What vacuum tubes?
Stop.
What were you buying?
Speak.
What were you buying? Speak.
I wasn't buying anything.
Not buying anything?
Go after him.